# Week of August 23

This assignment is due EOD on August 30, 2023.
Requirements: Task 0 AND Task 1 AND (Task 2 OR Task 3).

## Task 0: Create a personal fork of this repository and a submission python script

First, fork this repository.
Then, create a file in `python/scripts` named `netID0823.py`.
Edit the comments at the top to tell us about yourself.

## Task 1: Create and evaluate a linear predictor for video recommendation

The template file includes basic code for loading KauiRec data, training a linear classifier, and evaluating its performance.
Modify this code to use more features, make use of feature transformations, etc, and see if you can find a better performing classifier.
Comment your code to explain your additions and report your final performance in your PR.

## (pick one) Task 2: Evaluate your predictor on subgroups

Average performance does not tell the whole story. 
How good is your predictor on subgroups of users or items?
Peruse the KauiRec documentation and use available user and item information to define subgroups.
Report on the performance of your classifier in these groups. 
If it performs differently, why do you think this is?
Report on your findings in your PR. Note: you can attach figures to PRs!

## (pick one) Task 3 (limited capacity): Improve course notes

Select a subsection of the Supervised Learning Chapter and make improvements. 
For example: you could create nice figures (SVGs or tikz), expand and clarify the text, add additional examples, incorporate material from this year's slides, etc.
Use Github Issues to avoid redundancy and scope this task.
